                          Locale-KeyedText
----------------------------------------------------------------------

by Darren Duncan <perl@DarrenDuncan.net>

CONTENTS

* Preface
* Keeping Up To Date
* Dependencies
* Support
* License And Copyright
* Acknowledgements

PREFACE

This distribution features the Perl 5 module named "Locale::KeyedText"; see
the file lib/Locale/KeyedText.pm for the main documentation, which is in
POD format.  The distribution also includes a ChangeLog file to say what
changes already happened, and a TODO file to say what changes have yet to
happen.  The file INSTALL should help with installation issues.  Read below
for how to get support or keep up to date, know this distribution's
dependencies, or read the credits or copyright and license.

KEEPING UP TO DATE

My module set is constantly under development.  The canonical copies are
all linked to through my website, "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/", on the
page called "Perl Libraries I Made" (name subject to change).

For those of you that are interested in the bleeding edge, I now have a
public Subversion repository at "http://svn.utsl.gen.nz/trunk/Rosetta/";
this repository contains all of my newer modules (whose problem domain is
databases), but not my older modules (which are not about databases).

You can download slightly older but more stable versions of all of my
modules in standard tarred and gzipped distributions, either from the
public CPAN archives, "http://www.cpan.org/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or
from my own web server, "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/d/perl/".

CPAN also extracts the POD from modules and maintains that documentation in
an organized and searchable fashion.  Their main search site is
"http://search.cpan.org/", and my own DUNCAND author page is
"http://search.cpan.org/~duncand/"; distributions are also there.

You can download my oldest distributions from BACKPAN, at
"http://history.perl.org/backpan/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or from my web
server, at "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/d/perl/archives/".

DEPENDENCIES

This distribution requires any version of Perl 5.x.y that is at least
5.8.1.

It also requires the Perl module 'version', which would conceptually be
built-in to Perl, but isn't, so it is on CPAN instead.

This distribution also requires Test::More for its test suite, and that
module is bundled with Perl.

SUPPORT

Currently I don't have any support arranged with other people, lists,
newsgroups, or otherwise.  Feel free to ask me if you can't figure things
out on your own, or another person whom you know has used this.  I may
start a mailing list for support issues later, so that users of my modules
can help each other with them.

LICENCE AND COPYRIGHT

This file is part of the Locale::KeyedText library.

Locale::KeyedText is Copyright (c) 2003-2005, Darren R. Duncan.  All rights
reserved.  Address comments, suggestions, and bug reports to
perl@DarrenDuncan.net, or visit http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/ for more
information.

Locale::KeyedText is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL) as
published by the Free Software Foundation (http://www.fsf.org/); either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.  You
should have received a copy of the LGPL as part of the Locale::KeyedText
distribution, in the file named "LGPL"; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.

Any versions of Locale::KeyedText that you modify and distribute must carry
prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any
changes, in addition to preserving this original copyright notice and other
credits. Locale::KeyedText is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the LGPL for more
details.

While it is by no means required, the copyright holders of
Locale::KeyedText would appreciate being informed any time you create a
modified version of Locale::KeyedText that you are willing to distribute,
because that is a practical way of suggesting improvements to the standard
version.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Besides myself as the creator ...

* 2004.07.26 - Thanks to Jason Martin (jhmartin@toger.us) for suggesting a
feature, along with providing sample usage and patch code, that supports
embedding of Template class packages in the same files as program code,
rather than requiring separate files.

* 2005.03.21 - Thanks to Stevan Little (stevan@iinteractive.com) for
feedback towards improving this module's documentation, particularly
towards using a much shorter SYNOPSIS, so that it is easier for newcomers
to understand the module at a glance, and not be intimidated by large
amounts of detailed information.

FIN

Share and Enjoy!
