                          Locale-KeyedText
----------------------------------------------------------------------

by Darren Duncan <perl@DarrenDuncan.net>

PREFACE

This distribution features the Perl 5 module named "Locale::KeyedText"; see
the file lib/Locale/KeyedText.pm for the main documentation, which is in
POD format, plus the Dependencies and Copyright.  The distribution also
includes a Changes file to say what changes already happened, and a TODO
file to say what changes have yet to happen.  The file INSTALL should help
with installation issues.  The examples/ directory contains several small
programs you can try out and see what Locale::KeyedText can do.  Read below
for how to get support or keep up to date.

KEEPING UP TO DATE

My module set is constantly under development.  The canonical copies are
all linked to through my website, "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/", on the
page called "Perl Libraries I Made" (name subject to change).

For those of you that are interested in the bleeding edge of development,
as of August 2005, I now have all of my newer modules (whose problem domain
is databases) in one or more public Subversion repositories, but not my
older modules (which are not about databases).  All of my development up to
2005.09.28 is at "http://svn.utsl.gen.nz/trunk/Rosetta-old/", which is the
result of incremental-change development since late 2002.  As of
2005.09.29, I have begun a rewrite of those modules that includes parallel
Perl 6 and Perl 5 versions, which is heavily inspired by the previous work,
but is a new code base.  The new "rebirth" versions are available  at
"http://svn.openfoundry.org/pugs/ext/Rosetta-Incubator/" (Perl 6) and at
"http://svn.utsl.gen.nz/trunk/Rosetta-Incubator/" (Perl 5).

You can download slightly older versions of all of my modules from the
public CPAN archives at "http://www.cpan.org/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or
on my own web server at "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/d/perl".

CPAN also extracts the POD from modules and maintains that documentation in
an organized and searchable fashion.  Their main search site is at
"http://search.cpan.org", and my own DUNCAND author page is at
"http://search.cpan.org/search?author=DUNCAND".

You can download my oldest tarred and gzipped distributions from BACKPAN,
at "http://history.perl.org/backpan/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or from my
web server, at "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/d/perl/archives/", right back
to the libdwg 1.0, first released on 2000 July 23.

SUPPORT

Currently I don't have any support arranged with other people, lists,
newsgroups, or otherwise.  Feel free to ask me if you can't figure things
out on your own, or another person whom you know has used this.  I may
start a mailing list for support issues later, so that users of my modules
can help each other with them.

FIN

Share and Enjoy!
